with youtube friends like today
I bring how to eliminate the virus from the
gaza police where his team has been
blocked by power for security that
security office
and the information exploded
in detail very well this is for you
for when they no longer stop you
safe and safely way in
function of the symbol what is it that
loved me first turn it off
and we give repeatedly from 8
forgive me because it's not what it is
I'm really recording at night and not
I have good dimension
one is definitely the reverse
but being
and ready to disappear these
options
john deere center with circles the
system that does not let me enter any
of the three americas of the computer
then we go to the first option that
it appears to us that it is repairing the equipment
we give you a center but with inside you do not know
must perform
effect but whole
in the video
appears microsoft corporation
will disappear is the one that is so cool
you can appreciate this even if you have to
you thought
to celebrate good players at
look like you put in
and there appears recovery option
of the system and all that and put a name
of that type
and they have to accept
and release that other option
restoration of the rest
lic
I want to be here
the station appears
i
who dances a nice
here
and the interest that the
restoration of
there is the point of restoration that is
a restoration point is a point of
restoration is really restore
towards that of
sometimes windows saves points
restoration automatically
as it comprises a set of the
extraction as I tell you this
we put that put them from the point of
restoration at 1245 enjoyed the
had the virus at 1250 east northeast
program they took him when he was well
your computer and you will finish the
danger because if you're lucky the point
of restoration will be close and remarkable
by how close and even the laws
they approach those who are 27 did
always appear bad luck
will give up to 15 days I do it without losing
the official flowers stringel jazz
obviously
then since they are there you choose
three points of desperate situations
later
and then we give you the option of
forever
and the next
once you take out the entire restoration
of the subject must decide full system
a memory will appear
as normally
If you are late, there are times
when we do this we mark error but
the point appeared
then just check if you no longer
come back to understand if definitely
they can not do it the only option would be
by computer makeup misfortune
and everything not when we had united
with a little art
plus
there you can see what awaits us
long
any page
so to speak
we have the shipments
there is a program that makes the
computer that everything that is made a
computer the rollers of this dilemma
destroyers but for some reason no
deactivate or I do not know how we can
disable although the duration here the
people and certainly learn but it's more
then he suffered everything
tutorial records in bercy goodbye